# stoopid -- Loggers are stupid and I'm resentful that I had to write this.

## Install

<pre>
  npm install stoopid
</pre>

Or from source:

<pre>
  git clone git://github.com/mikeal/stoopid.git 
  cd stoopid
  npm link
</pre>

## Usage

```javascript
stoopid.log('I am a robot', {prop:'value'})
```

The stoopid module exports itself as an instance of `Logger` with the namespace `"process"`.

You can create child logger objects with new namespaces with the `.logger(name)` method.

```
var logger = require('stoopid').logger('myModuleName')
```

A logger object supports all the same methods that the `console` object in node supports and has a nearly identical API. It also supports all the methods necessary to be enabled as a logger in `socket.io`.

console logging is enabled by default.

## Logger(name)

Base logger object.

### stoopid API

* Logger.logger(name) - Create a new instance of logger with this logger as it's parent.
* Logger.addHandler(handler, options) - Add a handler, `"console"` and `"file"` are supported.
* Logger.silly(arg1, arg2, ...) - Logs at level `"silly"` or `10` 
* Logger.verbose(arg1, arg2, ...): - Logs at level `"verbose"` or `100`
* Logger.debug(arg1, arg2, ...): - Logs at level `"info"` or `200`
* Logger.info(arg1, arg2, ...): - Logs at level `"info"` or `300`
* Logger.warn(arg1, arg2, ...): - Logs at level `"warn"` or `400`
* Logger.error(arg1, arg2, ...): - Logs at level `"error"` or `500`

### console API

All the additional methods necessary to be used as a replacement for node.js' global console object are also supported.

* Logger.log(arg1, arg2, ...) - Logs at level `"info"` or `300`.
* Logger.dir(arg1, arg2, ...) - Logs at level `"info"` or `300`.
* Logger.time(label) - Mark a timer. http://nodejs.org/api/stdio.html#console.time
* Logger.timeEnd(label) - Finish timer, record output. http://nodejs.org/api/stdio.html#console.timeEnd
* Logger.trace(label) - Log at `"error"` level a stack trace to stderr in the current position. http://nodejs.org/api/stdio.html#console.trace
* Logger.assert(expression) - http://nodejs.org/api/stdio.html#console.assert


